POV: YASH

The next time Yash woke up, he saw the Doctor by his bed side.

"Sorry Mr. Dixit, Did I disturb your sleep?" the Doctor asked, referring to the clinking of his instruments. 

"No, you're fine" came a half hearted, exahuasted reply.

The doctor was the only adult that Yash had spoken to ever since he got to the village. 
And though perfectly pleasant when he spoke, The Doctor didn't even acknowledge most of his questions. 

However, the Doctor had also kept him alive - there was no doubt in his mind about that. 

When Yash first came to, he had faint recollections of seeing his intestines dangling out of him as he
swung from the seat in his car - held only by his seatbelt. 

And somehow, despite the lack of any modern tools or technology in this plce, the Doctor had managed to save him.

The only think Yash quite didn't fully understand was what for. 

Even now, the doctor worked dilligently. In a bowl, the doctor had gathered a mass of weaver ants using
some honeycomb. Yash had seen this before so he knew what was coming next. 

The Doctor unwrapped the bandages and assessed the damage. 

"The gashes have nearly healed. Shouldn't be long before they congeal." he said as he inspected the wounds
out of which Yash had seen his own intestines peeking at him not too long ago. 

"But this cut, right under your lowest rib cage keeps on opening up". 

Yash just nodded in acknowledgement - this was indeed the third time that the makehift stiches had come undone.

"I have gotten the larger ants this time." the doctor said with assuarance in his voice, "that should do the trick."

Yash looked on. 

"Mr. Dixit," the Doctor said, in a tone as professional as ever,
"now is not the time to lose hope."

And then, almost reassuringly, he held Yash's hand. 

There was a moment where Yash considered what had just been said to him. 
Hope - a concept so foreign in this place that it was almost new. 
And the good Doctor was asking him to hold onto it - whatever he could, in whichever way he could. 

Yash looked at him. And inspite of himself, he felt his head nod a yes. 
The doctor smiled - a genuine smile at that, patted his hand twice and then picked up a live ant. 