YASH

There was a time when Yash had tried everything from pleading to threatening and then back to begging 
to try and get anything out of the doctor. 

Initially, when he'd just come to, he had truly believed that he was in a trap, that this was all a part
of a huge conspiracy and that the doctor was complicit. 

Yash had tried every single question that mattered and received few, if any, informative answers. 

Even now, as he saw the Good Doctor work dilligently with the weaver ants,
pinching the two sides of his wound closed and then getting the ant to bite down. Once it had, the Doctor
would then twist it's body off, leaving behind an anthead stitch. To avoid feeling the sting of the weavers,
he tried to recall the details of perhaps their most revealing conversation. 

It had been a day like this. Or perhaps it was an evening - Yash couldn't really tell when the door to his 
hut was shut as it was then. The doctor was hunched over working on his foot that time when he started speaking 
of his own accord.

"The place is called Shambhala."

Yash lifted his head to look at the doctor who was still focused on stitching the fingers of his left foot. 

He contemplated responding but the doctor seemed to be in some kind of a trance so decided against it, lest it 
break whatever spell the doctor was under.

"Don't ask me why. I don't know."

And then the doctor turned to acknowledge Yash. His spectacles had slid down his nose and 
his brilliant blue eyes peering at him, almost checking if Yash was assimilating all that he was saying. 

Finally, Yash spoke, his voice almost breaking into silence due to the pain he was in,

"Shambhala, like the festival?"

"I doubt that it's referring to any festival."

And with that, the doctor went back to stitching. 

Yash could feel the opportunity slipping away so ventured the question that he had asked a million times before.

"Where is Isha?" 

And he received the same answer that he always had.

"I don't know."

Yash put his head back down but noticed that the doctor had stopped working on his foot. He lifted his head once
again to find the doctor staring at him, now through his rectangular glasses. His face shone in the light of the
Keroscene lantern that he seemingly had exclusive access to. He was a handome man. Caucasian, with German roots 
and a rather slender face but with brilliant eyes and an expression that spoke of sincerity. Trusworthy, even.

Looking at Yash, he continued, "I know that this is some big conspiracy and that everyone but you is a part of it."

He paused. 

"But look around you." He waved his hands in the diapalated, thatched hut, made of wicker and straw. 

"Look at me, for God's sake." 

And Yash did. He really did. Behind the sincerity and the professionalism, Yash saw a deep and profound exhaustion.

"If this is a conspiracy, I'm as much a victim of it as you are."

"I doubt that" came Yash's swift reaction. "I have been on this bed for three weeks now, I can barely move. My best friend
is dead and Isha is -"

"Mr. Dixit."

The doctor interjected sharply, in a strict, formidable tone. 

"I have been here for Three years."

There was a heavy pause as Yash tried to digest that piece of information. And its implications. 

"I have a wife...back out there."

Another pause.

"Or at least I did when I left."

the Doctor went back to work and yash lay his head back down. 

"She was due with our second child."