A Man's Journey into the realm of Shambhala. 
Here he must encounter evil in its rudimentary form and try to save all that is innocent and good. 
\end{synopsis}

\begin{Plot Points}
Backstory: Yash falls in Love with Ira but the love is unrequited. 
 knows but doesn't do anything - essentially keeps him as a very close, but at the end of the day, friend. 
 then meets her husband Akshay and falls in love with him, all in plain sight of Yash. 
It breaks his heart but he supports her nonetheless. 
Now, Akshay gets mingled with the wrong people - to the point where his life is threatened. 
 is desperate and in her desperation, she contemplates making a deal with Baal, 
the ancient entity that grants her the wish on the condition that she offers him her first-born child. 
There are two stipulations - the child must be hers and the child must be a product of Love. 
Then comes the kicker -  finds out that Akshay is infertile. 
So she doesn't go through with the deal and starts looking for alternate outcomes. 
In the meantime, due to him being unable to pay his debts, Akshay is beaten by the mafia. 
However, the guns for hire take it too far and come very close to killing him. 
Akshay is put on life support and when all seems lost to , Baal comes to her, 
with the deal of saving Akshay for her first-born. She accepts. 
To satisfy the two stipulations, she seduces Yash and has an affair with him till she gets pregnant. 
Yash has no idea about her deal with Baal and at this point, is just an accessory. 
When  becomes pregnant and tells Yash that she's giving her marriage a second chance. 
She also leads Yash to believe that the Child is Akshay's. 
He's disheartened and leaves, finally ending the relationship. 
But he never stops loving her. 
 during her research on Baal has found out that people who have made a deal with Baal have "eternal life". 
And that's what Shambhala, the realm, is. 
It's an abode for sinners - the killers of their own children. 
Baal, is the deity who presides and the rules of Shambhala are very simple. 
All life in Shambhala is tied to Baal. 
The children of the village are actually the children who were sacrificed by their parents for material gain. 
In Shambhala, they wait, patiently, for their parents to arrive. 
They are naturally drawn to their parents but they, just like anyone else in Shambhala, don't really know why. 
The children don't know who their parents are and 
neither do the Parents know that the children of the village are actually their children. 
Any new life in Shambhala belongs to Baal. 
But Baal bestows boons upon those who bring in new life. 
And that's why there are distinct factions in Shambhala. 
There are hoards of rapists who look for "crash sites" - as that's how people usually end up in Shambhala. 
And then they abduct the women and make them their sex slaves - 
reproducing and creating an army of Village Children. 
The High Priest is no different, but he's a much different beast. 
He has figured out a key rule of Shambhala - 
The Children can only be controlled by the person that they are attached to. 
By the law of the land, Children are naturally attached to their parents. 
But this attachment can be shifted and the High Priest has figured out how to do that. 
First, most of the people in Shambhala are terrified of the Children of the Village 
and so the Children are mistreated to the bones - abused and assaulted, often by their own parents. 
This trend, which weakens the bond between the children and their parents is promoted by the High Priest 
who rules by fear. 
Then, leading up to the day of the festival, he treats the children extremely well, gaining their trust. 
And finally, on the night of the reaping, he claims them by doing exactly what you think he does. 
This trauma causes a sudden attachment shift and the children become attached to the priest. 
 is smart and she figures out what is happening quite quickly. 
But she realizes that Vijay, the boy they meet very early in the story is actually her Son that she'd sacrificed. 
The overwhelming guilt shocks her to her core and she loses all coherence. 
In the middle of the story, she's abducted by one of the hoards 
(but I haven't decided if I am actually going to keep this as a plot point). 
When Yash lands in Shambhala, he discovers the maltreatment of the kids, 
witnesses the mass delusion and the true Evil that exists under the High Priest's rule. 
While he's initially scared of the kids, he soon discovers that they are, indeed, just kids. 
He starts treating them better. The stuff after this has to be decided but I know how it ends. 
It ends when Yash causes another shift in attachment in all the kids 
and the High Priest loses all his power over them. He's killed by them. 
In the Final Act, Yash has a showdown with Baal in his temple on a remote cliff. 
This is not a fight though (because Yash would obviously lose), 
this is a confrontation of sorts where Yash questions the divinity of Baal. 
Baal gently points out that though Shambhala is his Realm, 
it is only under his protection and that he made the rules 
so that the parents could repent and send their kids back to the real world. 
The enhanced strength and physical attributes that the children have enable the kids for that Journey - 
the Journey that would otherwise severely maim and wound them. 
Saying so, Baal steps aside, giving Yash a view of the cliff behind him. 
Yash realizes what he has to do. 
Throughout the story, I will sprinkle instances of Yash playing the flute to soothe the children. 
In the first scene, Yash falls into Shambhala as his vechicle goes down a cliff. 
IN the final Scene, Yash leads the Children of the Village, like the Pied Piper, 
down the Cliff behind Baal's Temple - sacrificing himself for the kids 
and reaching the metaphorical Shambhala in the process. 
In the final shot, we see an orphanage with a sign of the Pied Piper. 
(The gut punch is going to be finding out that the parents were the only ones who could catch 
/ seriously hurt / kill their children)

"Your first draft is the sandpit, you keep filling it with sand (ideas) 
so the next draft you can properly start shaping it into a sand castle."

"Ever since I have reached this place, the guilt has been overwhelming. 
Writing has helped in the past but now ever single moment is eating at me. 
I keep on thinking about him for some reason. 
His face flashes in front of my eyes several times a day. I can hear his innocent laugh.
Sometimes, I think I can even see him. Like he is around. But somehow just beyond my reach. 
But maybe not. I swear I can feel him around me. The other day, I whipped around but it was only Vijay.
Maybe if he was, I could tell him how much he means to me. 
How sorry I am. How I wish I could undo everything. 
I'm cursed, I know that now. 
And I deserve whatever is coming for me. 
But if only...if only I could see him once more. And apologize. For what I did to him."

Yash finds this excerpt in her diary and assumes that  is talking about Akshay 
and that the mistake is the affair she had with him. 
Only later will he realize that she's talking about the kid she drowned. 

And then in the end, Yash can make the right choice and choose to save the children 
(maybe just Vijay or whomever is left at that point) instead of going after . 
Giving both of them closure. 